Multiple IdPs (#64)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-api-clients.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> This topic provides an overview of client management on Anypoint Platform. As an API owner, you can apply an OAuth 2.0 policy to authenticate client applications that try to access your API. You need an OAuth provider to use an OAuth 2.0 policy.

Reviewer: OAuth 2.0 provider

Author: ```suggestion
This topic provides an overview of client management on Anypoint Platform. As an API owner, you can apply an OAuth 2.0 policy to authenticate client applications that try to access your API. You need an OAuth 2.0 provider to use an OAuth 2.0 policy.
```

> Using the client management, you can configure several client providers to manage client credentials.

Reviewer: please don't say "client credentials" because it's very easy to understand it as client_credentials the grant type. I'm also not entirely sure what this sentence is trying to convey.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Any client providers you configure are available in your organization.

Reviewer: Same as above. Unless you say something like "immediately available" or give more color, this doesn't add much information.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> You can make them available to business group administrators to xref:environments.adoc#add-an-idp-to-an-existing-environment[associate the client providers with different environments] depending on your organization's policies.

Reviewer: They're _always_ available to BG administrators. I would also prefer not to talk about organization policies here

Author: ```suggestion
You can configure more than one client provider and xref:environments.adoc#add-an-idp-to-an-existing-environment[associate the client providers with different environments].
```

> When you delete a client provider from your master organization, the client provider is no longer available in environments that used it, and assets that depended on the client provider may break.

Reviewer: I think we need to characterize "break" here.

Author: @sebastiankorol @santro92 What details should I include here?

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> This topic provides an overview of client management on Anypoint Platform. As an API owner, you can apply an OAuth 2.0 policy to authenticate client applications that try to access your API. You need an OAuth 2.0 provider to use an OAuth 2.0 policy.

Reviewer 2: Avoid self-reference to "this topic/section/document." Try to reword.

Author: ```suggestion
Anypoint Platform acts as a client provider by default, but you can also configure other client providers to authorize client applications. As an API owner, you can apply an OAuth 2.0 policy to authorize client applications that try to access your API. You need an OAuth 2.0 provider to use an OAuth 2.0 policy.
```

You can configure more than one client provider and xref:environments.adoc#add-an-idp-to-an-existing-environment[associate the client providers with different environments].

> When you delete a client provider from your master organization, the client provider is no longer available in environments that used it, and assets that depended on the client provider may break.

Author: ```suggestion
When you delete a client provider from your master organization, the client provider is no longer available in environments that used it. Also, assets that used the client provider can no longer authenticate users who want to access them.
```

> When you delete a client provider from your master organization, the client provider is no longer available in environments that used it. Also, assets that used the client provider can no longer authenticate users who want to access them.

Author: ```suggestion
When you delete a client provider from your master organization, the client provider is no longer available in environments that used it. Also, assets that used the client provider can no longer authorize users who want to access them.
```

You can configure the following OAuth providers:

* xref:conf-client-mgmt-openam-task.adoc[OpenAM version: 14]

> * xref:conf-client-mgmt-pf-task.adoc[PingFederate versions: 6 - 8]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* xref:conf-client-mgmt-pf-task.adoc[PingFederate versions: 6 through 8]
```

* xref:configure-client-management-openid-task.adoc[Dynamic Client Registration-compliant identity providers]
+

> This provider needs to conform to the https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-registration-1_0.html[OpenID Connect Client Registration 1.0 incorporating errata set 1].

Reviewer 2: To what does "this provider" refer: the previous list item?
needs to > must

Author: ```suggestion
Dynamic Client Registration-compliant identity providers must conform to the https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-registration-1_0.html[OpenID Connect Client Registration 1.0 incorporating errata set 1].
```

To configure client management on Anypoint Platform for these providers, you must have an IdP account.

== Delete a Client Provider

> [WARNING]

Reviewer 2: Do we really want to begin a topic with a formatted warning? I suggest plain text, with wording emphasis:

Author: I was specifically asked to make it a warning. It is a disaster if they do this without checking downstream consequences.

> Prior to deleting a client provider, ensure that you do not have assets or environments that depend on the client provider. For example, any APIs that depend on the client provider can no longer authenticate user access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before you delete a client provider, ensure that you do not have assets or environments that depend on the client provider or you will lose functionality. For example, any APIs that depend on the client provider can no longer authenticate user access.
```

> Prior to deleting a client provider, ensure that you do not have assets or environments that depend on the client provider. For example, any APIs that depend on the client provider no longer have a way to authenticate user access.

Author: ```suggestion
Prior to deleting a client provider, ensure that you do not have assets or environments that depend on the client provider. For example, any APIs that depend on the client provider can no longer authenticate user access.
```

> . Sign in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the organization administrator role.

Author: ```suggestion
. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the organization administrator role.
```

. In Anypoint Platform, click *Access Management*.
. In the menu on the left, click *Client Providers*.

> . Click the client provider you want to delete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click the name of the client provider you want to delete.
```

. In the client provider's page, click *Delete*.
. Enter the name of the client identity provider name.
. Click *Delete*.

== See Also

* https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-registration-1_0.html[OpenID Connect Client Registration 1.0 incorporating errata set 1]

> * xref:conf-client-mgmt-openam-task.adoc[Configure Client Management By OpenAM]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* xref:conf-client-mgmt-openam-task.adoc[Configure Client Management by OpenAM]
```

> * xref:conf-client-mgmt-pf-task.adoc[Configure Client Management By PingFederate]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* xref:conf-client-mgmt-pf-task.adoc[Configure Client Management by PingFederate]
```
Consider "Using" for the prior two titles.

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Anypoint Platform acts as a client provider by default, but you can also configure other client providers to authorize client applications. As an API owner, you can apply an OAuth 2.0 policy to authorize client applications that try to access your API. You need an OAuth 2.0 provider to use an OAuth 2.0 policy.

You can configure more than one client provider and xref:environments.adoc#add-an-idp-to-an-existing-environment[associate the client providers with different environments].

> Configuring multiple client providers enables you to use client providers for different purposes, such as giving production and developer environments different providers.

Author: ```suggestion
```

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

This topic provides an overview of client management on Anypoint Platform. As an API owner, you can apply an OAuth 2.0 policy to authenticate client applications that try to access your API. You need an OAuth provider to use an OAuth 2.0 policy.

Using the client management, you can configure several identity providers, or IdPs, to manage client credentials.

> Any IdPs you configure are available in the master organization.

Author: ```suggestion
Any IdPs you configure are available in your organization.
```

> You can make them available to business group administrators to xref:environments.adoc#add-an-idp-to-an-existing-environment[associate the IdPs with different environments] depending on your organization's policies. When you delete an IdP from your master organization, the IdP is no longer available in environments that used it, and the APIs associated with it no longer use a client provider. As such, this breaks working contracts between APIs and client applications. 

Reviewer: This is in direct opposition from what the previous section says.

Author: ```suggestion
You can make them available to business group administrators to xref:environments.adoc#add-an-idp-to-an-existing-environment[associate the IdPs with different environments] depending on your organization's policies. When you delete an IdP from your master organization, the IdP is no longer available in environments that used it.

// For more information on IdP removal and APIs, see {topic on that, should it exist}.
```
